It's no time to create an endpoint that returns the authenticated user.
This is something that is very common in applications just to have an endpoint that tells me which is
user that is logged in.
And to do that, we are going to use what is called an interceptor.
So we are not going to do find it and we are going to use the token information that is in the other
in the request.
Because when you you you are using an authentication flow is very is very common and is this sort of
delineation flow in particular you log in, you get a refresh token and then.
You will sense the excess.
You send a token when you know of others requests in the authorization either.
And these we this authorization error is oh we are going to to say if the user is known or not to the
application and what is the developer.
So.
Going to implement it here, but we are going to start actually by The Intercept.
So I'm going to get a new package interceptor.
Now I'm going to have a new class to be authorization.
Interceptor I'm going to at.
This class.
And it's a it's not just one of the simplest lists, but it's also not very earth.
So implements and interceptor.
And I need to say that it's a component.
Okay.
Those are two string specific annotations.
Component means that will be managed as a been in spring.
And so spring will be able to manage injection, for example, for this class.
And the interceptor means that it's a specific type of cluster to analyze.
I will have to inject my authorization of service here.
Okay.
It's the main service that we have here.
And this will be.
Constructor, inject it
and then I will override.
I will overrides the pre and all method.
Okay.
Because this means that this interceptor will be real and will end old request before it's rooted in
the controller before even before the request, even before we see the request goes to slash user,
to slash login, to slash resistor, we will end all these.
Okay.
And to do to do that we are going to do and string authorization either.
Request Dot get Heather.
Authorization.
Here.
No, uh, validation here.
So if this is new.
He's known.
Or if it doesn't start.
Starts with, uh, better.
Thrown you.
Uh.
No.
Better token at a.
Okay.
This doesn't exist.
I will create this together with the other errors.
Ants and just copy for simplicity.
No better talking.
And basically what these means is that the authorization either starts always with better space and
then you have the JWT token that we discussed before.
This is how it's structured in India in requests.
So we are going to use this.
What this validation is doing is if I don't have an authorization either at all or if I have an authorization
either, but it doesn't begin with bare space something.
I don't even look at it and they say I don't have a valid beta token.
Then what I will do is request, set attribute.
I will call it user.
And then I will use my service to find.
It gets user.
From talking.
Okay.
Now we'll pursue the string.
Um, I'll pursue my, uh, my token.
In this case, it will be authorization.
Whether substring.
Seven.
It means that.
Better space.
So these are seven digits.
I want everything that this past year, which will be my token.
This method doesn't exist.
I need to implement.
It will return user object and it will take a string, which is my token.
So how do I implements?
This is the next question.
How do I implement environment?
Now if we can find the user in the token, we can we can produce the utility for a user ID.
We can also do it.
So what we'll do is the opposite of this.
I will create a public.
Public static.
Long.
From.
And.
String token.
String secret key.
Uh.
I will return.
Knew she w t s master builder.
Not new, she told years past revealed her.
DOT said signing key base 64.
Get encoder and call to string.
My secret key.
I still have to do these.
Get bites.
Yes.
Eight.
Builds.
Pass.
Token.
And get body.
And these get body will retain return claims to return a set of claims.
So JWT claims we saw when when we saw the token go to the line, we see that we have claims and we are
adding one claim here which is user ID.
So it will return me a set of claims.
This is what I have here.
So means that I have to get the claim with user ID.
I need to get this claim and this claim is of type long.
C+.
So that's these returns long.
Okay.
So we have a method that allows us to fetch user ID from token and to decode.
So I can say that my VR user ID equals token from token.
Refreshed or considerate.
So this is now valid.
So it's still secret not to refresh.
This is something that's easy to do.
So I will return.
User Report filed by Adi.
User I.D..
Or else through.
And I will write a new class for this user.
Not found error.
And it would be new.
I need to implement.
I rely on these in error for the others I'm at.
Extends.
Response state is exception.
Public use or not found error.
Super.
It used to be starters per requests and I just the message user not phone.
And this could be replaced by an imagined variable probably.
I think this is what is suggesting.
No.
But they will replace it.
We don't need this many lines of codes.
We can write these in one line out here.
So you're fine.
So in my authorization of the scepter, I'm now able to do this.
Managers have to return to efficiencies.
If, doesn't it?
It will be with exceptions.
But you just have to return to.
Okay.
In this case, I think this could be cleaned because we don't return any any exception.
What is missing is the configuration file.
So I will call it Web MVC config.
And this configuration file will tell me will tell the application.
To which roads I apply this interceptor.
This is missing and this implements Web MVC computer.
This is a configuration class.
And I need you to.
To inject.
So I need to create.
My constructor.
Private.
Final implementation.
Authorization interceptor.
I need to inject.
Structure injection and then I will overwrites the pre and all method.
Sorry not to be intimate of you.
No matter.
These intercepted the ads.
Interceptors method.
So this one I will overwrite.
They will say registry.
As Interceptor.
Authorization interceptor.
I've passed buttons slush either.
In this case, we are.
Going to.
Yeah, it's it's it's it's a trial.
So we not going to implement a huge amount of, of it, but we can use up off buttons, but we can also
use, uh, the other one which is exclude both buttons.
So this means that if you want to use everywhere, except in some places, you define the ones where
you don't want to use.
In this case, we are going to use it only in the user.
So the next step is in.
The interceptor is built.
And it's it's it's done.
So it's configuration is here.
The code of the interceptor is here on the preamble method, we are the two new errors and we added
also on the token and on the authorization service the parameters that we need to annihilate.
In the next video, we are going to implement the actual endpoint and see how it works in practice.